add Datadog API Throttling (#75015)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/whatsnew/whats-new-next/index.md

Welcome to Grafana Cloud! Read on to learn about the newest changes to Grafana Cloud.

> ## API Throttling for Datadog data source

Reviewer: Change to sentence case from title case
```suggestion
## API throttling for Datadog data source
```

<!-- Taewoo Kim -->
<!-- OSS, Enterprise -->

_Generally available in Grafana Cloud_

> The Datadog datasource support blocking API requests based on upstream rate limits (for metric queries). With this update, you can set rate limit percentage where the plugin stops sending queries.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Datadog data source supports blocking API requests based on upstream rate limits (for metric queries). With this update, you can set a rate limit percentage at which the plugin stops sending queries.
```

> To learn more, refer to [Datadog datasource settings](https://grafana.com/docs/plugins/grafana-datadog-datasource/latest/#configure-the-data-source), as well as the following video demo.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To learn more, refer to [Datadog data source settings](/docs/plugins/grafana-datadog-datasource/latest#configure-the-data-source), as well as the following video demo.
```
